[Uptime] Add first draft of uptime docs (#31814)
elastic/kibana: docs/uptime/overview.asciidoc

[role="xpack"]
[[uptime-overview]]

== Uptime Overview page

> The Overview page is intended to help you quickly identify and diagnose outages and

Reviewer: The Kibana docs try not to use "page" and other similar terms whenever possible. 
```suggestion
The Uptime overview is intended to help you quickly identify and diagnose outages and
```

other connectivity issues within your network or environment. There is a date range
selection that is global to the Uptime UI; you can use this selection to highlight
an absolute date range, or a relative one, similar to other areas of Kibana.

=== Filter bar
SCREENSHOT

This control allows you to use automated filter options, as well as input custom filter
text to select specific monitors by field, URL, ID, and other attributes.

=== Snapshot view
SCREENSHOT

> From this view you can see the total number of detected monitors within the selected

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here, you can see the total number of detected monitors within the selected
```

Uptime date range. In addition to the total, the counts for the number of monitors
in an `up` or `down` state are displayed, based on the last check reported by Heartbeat
for each monitor.

Next to the counts, there is a histogram displaying the change over time throughout the
selected date range.

=== Monitor list
SCREENSHOT

The Monitor list displays information on individual monitors. This table includes
information like the most recent status, when the monitor was last checked, its
ID and URL, its IP address, and a dedicated sparkline showing its check status
over time.

=== Error list
SCREENSHOT

The Error list displays aggregations of errors that Heartbeat has logged. Errors are

> displayed by Error type, monitor ID, and message. Clicking a monitor's ID from this view will take you to the corresponding Monitor page.

Reviewer: Might be tough to get rid of the word "page" here. 

```suggestion
displayed by Error type, monitor ID, and message. Clicking a monitor's ID will take you to the corresponding Monitor page.
```
